Why haven't mom and dad come yet?
Don't worry, mom has notified dad.
Dad should be here soon.
Hahahahaha
Why are you here?
I am your mother
Why can't I come?
It was when it was founded Gorgeous
We have also contributed
You have already lost the previous mobile phone bet.
What are you doing here?
Not back here
Please leave
What!
Our island nation leads the world in technology
How could you lose?
What is a broken phone?
Mr. Gangamoto brought high technology this time
Hey, Mr. Gangamoto
You'll have someone lift him up to open their eyes
Time to come up
This is not fat blue
This is the new technology of the island nation
Isn't this just a internet user?
shut up
This is the latest intelligent machine developed by the island country
Nice robot
This robot can understand human commands
You can also make a repeater.
Singing can also teach children to learn foreign languages
And here's the thing.
He can also understand human commands
Fatty Blue says hello to everyone
Snoring frog Vadasi Dora a dream low speed
Can you really take orders from people?
This is too high-end
As expected of the high technology of the island country
Mom, are they here to smash the scene?
Little friend, didn't your father say
Our island country's technology is not as good as yours
Posted
Do you have such a high-end robot?
Just this trash
I'm embarrassed to take it out and embarrass it